Improve wording for HomeKit (#20096)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homekit.markdown

---

The HomeKit integration allows you to make your Home Assistant entities available in Apple HomeKit,
so they can be controlled from Apple's Home app and Siri. 

> This allows you to control devices with Siri that do not natively support HomeKit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so they can be controlled from Apple's Home app and Siri; even if those devices do not natively support HomeKit.
```

      type: integer
      default: 21063
    name:

>       description: This needs to be unique for each instance of Home Assistant using the integration on the same local network. Between `3` and `25` characters. Alphanumeric and spaces allowed.

Reviewer: `This` has no reference here.

```suggestion
      description: Needs to be unique for each instance of Home Assistant using the integration on the same local network. Between `3` and `25` characters. Alphanumeric and spaces allowed.
```

## Move Home Assistant install

> If you would like to retain your HomeKit pairing when moving to a new Home Assistant device or installation, besides copying the configuration files you also need to copy the `.storage/homekit.*` file inside your configuration directory. Keep in mind that the file/folder is usually hidden by default, depending on your operating system.

Reviewer: It is a folder.

```suggestion
If you would like to retain your HomeKit pairing when moving to a new Home Assistant device or installation, besides copying the configuration files you also need to copy the `.storage/homekit.*` file inside your configuration directory. Keep in mind that the folder is usually hidden by default, depending on your operating system.
```

The `advertise_ip` option can be used to run this integration even inside an ephemeral Docker container with network isolation enabled, e.g., not using the host network.

> You may need to set `default_interface` to `true` in the `zeroconf` integration.

Reviewer: That option doesn't exist anymore.

Author: Should we remove this line altogether? 
There is a second reference under: https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/homekit/#pairing-hangs---zeroconf-error 
How should this be updated?

Reviewer: Zeroconf doesn't handle this anymore now.

There is a configuration in the UI that handles this and its documented here: <https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/network/>

Author: OK, thanks. I'm honestly not quite sure how to complete your request. Do you want to propose a change to remove this line? I think if you can do that, I can accept and resolve all of these?

Reviewer: Something like this maybe?

```suggestion
You may need to set the default network interfaces Home Assistant uses, in its [network configuration](/integrations/network).
```

#### Resetting accessories

> You may use the service `homekit.reset_accessory` with one or more `entity_id`s to reset accessories whose configuration may have changed. This can be useful when changing a media player's device class to `tv`, linking a battery, or whenever Home Assistant adds support for new HomeKit features to existing entities.

Reviewer: We can just refer to the entity IDs (no need to code fence it at all.)

Author: I'm not sure what change you would like here. Can you suggest something?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the service `homekit.reset_accessory` with one or more entity IDs to reset accessories whose configuration may have changed. This can be useful when changing a media player's device class to `tv`, linking a battery, or whenever Home Assistant adds support for new HomeKit features to existing entities.
```
